Fix EthersAdapter documentation (#304)
safe-global/safe-core-sdk: packages/safe-ethers-lib/README.md

const ethAdapter = new EthersAdapter({
  ethers,
  signerOrProvider: safeOwner
})
```

> Depending on if the `ethAdapter` instance is used to execute or read-only methods the `signerOrProvider` property can be a `Signer` or a `Provider`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depending on whether the `ethAdapter` instance is used to sign/execute transactions or just call read-only methods, the `signerOrProvider` property can be a `Signer` or a `Provider`.
```

Author: It looks perfect that way. Thank you!
